K8SPSMDB-1654 Documented support for vector search (#361)
percona/k8spsmdb-docs: docs/search-setup.md

# Configure vector search

!!! admonition "Version added: [1.23.0](RN/Kubernetes-Operator-for-PSMONGODB-RN1.23.0.md)"

!!! warning "Tech preview"

    Vector search is in the tech preview stage. Use it in staging or testing
    environments and share your feedback. 

> This guide shows how to enable vector search on a cluster managed by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows how to provision Percona Search for MongoDB on a cluster managed by
```

    ```

2. Apply the Custom Resource to install Percona Server for MongoDB:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f deploy/cr.yaml -n $NAMESPACE
    ```

### Verify that search is ready

Wait until the search pod is running. For a cluster named `my-cluster-name`
with replica set `rs0`, the pod is `my-cluster-name-rs0-search-0`:

```bash
kubectl get pods -n $NAMESPACE | grep search
```

??? example "Expected output"

    ```{.text .no-copy}
    my-cluster-name-rs0-search-0   1/1     Running   0          2m
    ```

You can also check search status on the cluster Custom Resource:

```bash
kubectl get psmdb <cluster-name> -n $NAMESPACE -o jsonpath='{.status.search}' && echo
```

??? example "Expected output"

    ```{.json .no-copy}
    {"rs0":{"ready":1,"size":1,"status":"ready"}}
    ```

When search is ready, `status.search` shows the replica set or shard entry with
`status: ready`.

## Connect to the cluster

Open a MongoDB client session the same way as in
[Connect to Percona Server for MongoDB](connect.md). Use an application user
with `readWrite` and `dbAdmin` (or equivalent) on the database where you will
store vectors — not the Operator's `searchCoordinator` system user.

> The examples below use:

Reviewer: I think that part we should cover within Percona Search for MongoDB documentation and reference this - we'll have an example of that - I think we shouldn't duplicate that content.

Author: We have no Search docs at the moment.

Reviewer: OK. So we can remove it the next version than.

> # Configure full-text / vector search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Configure Percona Search for MongoDB
```

Author: Changed

!!! admonition "Version added: [1.23.0](RN/Kubernetes-Operator-for-PSMONGODB-RN1.23.0.md)"

!!! warning "Tech preview"

>     Search capabilities feature is in the tech preview stage. Use it in staging or testing

Reviewer: I think the warning content should be the same as in search-overview.md page

Author: Aligned
